Potter is currently a prisoner of the Azkaban, the
most horrible prison in the world. It was designed by Dumbeldore, the prison is tricky and
not necesarilly closed, only an incredibly fast and logical mind can get out.
The prison is made of N cells connected by M paths. Each path connects exactly
two cells and can be traversed in any direction. Each cell is either empty, contains
a single locked door, or contains a single key. No cell contains both a door and a
key. There are K doors and K keys in the whole prison. Each key opens a different door, and
each door is opened by a different key. If a cell contains a door, the corresponding key is
needed to enter the cell, regardless of which path was used to reach it.
Potter found the complete map of the prison, including the location of each door and each key,
and wants to know how to get out. According to the map, Potter is now in
cell number 1, and the exit is in cell N . Given the information on the map, let Potter
know if it is possible to escape or if he is doomed forever.

Input

The input contains several test cases, each one described in several lines. The first line of each
test case contains three integers N , K, and M separated by single spaces. The value N is the
number of cells in the prison (4 ≤ N ≤ 105 ); each cell is identified by an integer
number between 1 and N . The value K is the number of doors and keys (1 ≤ K ≤ N/2), while
M is the number of paths (1 ≤ M ≤ 105 ). Each of the next K lines describes a door and its
corresponding key using two integers A and B separated by a single space, with the following
meaning: cell A cointains the key that opens the door in cell B (2 ≤ A, B ≤ N − 1).
The last M lines of the test case describe the paths. Each of these lines cointains two integers
C and D separated by a single space, indicating that there is a path connecting cells
C and D (1 ≤ C < D ≤ N ). You may assume that no two paths connect the same pair of
cells. The last line of the input contains the number −1 three times separated by single
spaces and should not be processed as a test case.

Output

For each test case output a single line with an uppercase “Y” if it is possible for Potter to escape
from the prison, or an uppercase “N” otherwise.